update README (#2114)
yannickcr/eslint-plugin-react: README.md

      "createClass": "createReactClass", // Regex for Component Factory to use,
                                         // default to "createReactClass"
      "pragma": "React",  // Pragma to use, default to "React"

>       "version": "detect", // React version, "detect" automatically picks the version from your project's package.json. "detect" will be the default value in future versions

Reviewer: Let's make sure to document both "detect" and the explicit form, like so:
```suggestion
      "version": "detect", // React version, "detect" automatically picks the version from your project's package.json. You can also use `16.0`, `16.3`, etc, if you want to override the detection value.
```

      "createClass": "createReactClass", // Regex for Component Factory to use,
                                         // default to "createReactClass"
      "pragma": "React",  // Pragma to use, default to "React"

>       "version": "detect", // React version, "detect" automatically picks the version from your project's package.json.

Reviewer 2: This is technically not entirely correct though. `package.json` (generally) defines a range, whereas "detect" will detect the exact version you have installed.

Author: yes, you are right, so do we actually check package lock?

Reviewer 2: I'll defer the final wording to @ljharb though.

Author: okay that makes sense.
